README.md, before:

# UnitychanRPG

Help Unity-chan escape from this unknown cavern! Press the things, punch the
objects, and move forth towards freedom! A top-down 2D dot game about exploration
and the bonds of friendship.

This project is primarily intended as a learning tool for 2D projects in Unity
using the 2D tilemap system introduced in beta in Unity 2018.

## Building

Last compiled against Unity 2018.2.0f2.

At this time, Windows is the only supported platform, but it should support
other standalone targets for desktop as well.

## Roadmap

- [ ] Figure out how to deal with entities like doors and levers
- [ ] Make a less jank character controller for 2D top-down grid based levels
  - Should the player fit through 1x1 zones? (It does so now by having a smaller collider).

## License

Please refer to the [THIRDPARTY.md](THIRDPARTY.md) file regarding licenses and
notices from all third-party works incorporated in this project.

Copyright 2018 Terry Nguyen.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. Review the license in full in
the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file in the top-level directory of the repository.

Commit message:

Link to GitHub project for roadmap

README.md, after:

# UnitychanRPG

Help Unity-chan escape from this unknown cavern! Press the things, punch the
objects, and move forth towards freedom! A top-down 2D dot game about exploration
and the bonds of friendship.

This project is primarily intended as a learning tool for 2D projects in Unity
using the 2D tilemap system introduced in beta in Unity 2018.

## Building

Last compiled against Unity 2018.2.0f2.

At this time, Windows is the only supported platform, but it should support
other standalone targets for desktop as well.

## Roadmap

See the ["Game Development" project on GitHub][GitHubProj] for details.

[GitHubProj]:https://github.com/terrehbyte/UnitychanRPG/projects/1

## License

Please refer to the [THIRDPARTY.md](THIRDPARTY.md) file regarding licenses and
notices from all third-party works incorporated in this project.

Copyright 2018 Terry Nguyen.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. Review the license in full in
the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file in the top-level directory of the repository.
